---
title: 英语-翻译
date: 2025-07-10 13:25:23
---

#### 21 一

Following the explosion of creativity in Florence during the 14th century known
as the Renaissance, the modern world saw a departure from what it had once known.
It turned from God and the authority of the Roman Catholic Church and instead
favoured a more humanistic approach to being. Renaissance ideas had spread
throughout Europe well into the 17th century, with the arts and sciences flourishing
extraordinarily among those with a more logical disposition. (46) With the Church's
teachings and ways of thinking being eclipsed by the Renaissance, the gap between
the Medieval and modern periods had been bridged, leading to new and unexplored
intellectual territories.
During the Renaissance, the great minds of Nicolaus Copernicus, Johannes
Kepler and Galileo Galilei demonstrated the power of scientific study and discovery.
(47) Before each of their revelations, many thinkers at the time had sustained more
ancient ways of thinking, including the geocentric view that the Earth was at the
centre of our universe. Copernicus theorised in 1543 that all of the planets that we knew
of revolved not around the Earth, but the Sun, a system that was later upheld by Galileo
at his own expense. Offering up such a theory during a time of high tension between
scientific and religious minds was branded as heresy, and any such heretics that
continued to spread these lies were to be punished by imprisonment or even death.
(48) Despite attempts by the Church to suppress this new generation of logicians
and rationalists, more explanations for how the universe functioned were being made
at a rate that the people could no longer ignore. It was with these great revelations
that a new kind of philosophy founded in reason was born.
The Church's long-standing dogma was losing the great battle for truth to
rationalists and scientists. This very fact embodied the new ways of thinking that
swept through Europe during most of the 17th century. (49) As many took on the duty
of trying to integrate reasoning and scientific philosophies into the world, the
Renaissance was over and it was time for a new era - the Age of Reason.
The 17th and 18th centuries were times of radical change and curiosity. Scientific
method, reductionism and the questioning of Church ideals was to be encouraged, as were
ideas of liberty, tolerance and progress. (50) Such actions to seek knowledge and to
understand what information we already knew were captured by the Latin phrase 'sapere
aude' or 'dare to know', after Immanuel Kant used it in his essay An Answer to the
Question: What is Enlightenment?. It was the purpose and responsibility of great minds to
go. forth and seek out the truth, which they believed to be founded in knowledge.


### 20 一

"It was only after I started to write a weekly column about the medical journals, and began to read scientific papers from beginning to end, that I realised just how bad much of the medical literature frequently was. I came to recognise various signs of a bad paper: the kind of paper that purports to show that people who eat more than one kilo of broccoli a week were 1.17 times more likely than those who eat less to suffer late in life from pernicious anaemia. (46) There is a great deal of this kind of nonsense in the medical journals which, when taken up by broadcasters and the lay press, generates both health scares and short-lived dietary enthusiasms.",
"Why is is so much bad science published? A recent paper, titled \"The Natural Selection of Bad Science\", published on the Royal Society's open science website, attempts to answer this intriguing and important question. It says that the problem is not merely that people do bad science, but that our current system of career advancement positively encourages it. What is important is not truth, but publication, which has become almost an end in itself. There has been a kind of inflationary process at work: (47) nowadays anyone applying for a research post has to have published twice the number of papers that would have been required for the same post only 10 years ago. Never mind the quality, then, count the number.",
"(48) Attempts have been made to curb this tendency, for example, by trying to incorporate some measure of quality as well as quantity into the assessment of an applicant's papers. This is the famed citation index, that is to say the number of times a paper has been quoted elsewhere in the scientific literature, the assumption being that an important paper will be cited more often than one of small account. (49) This would be reasonable if it were not for the fact that scientists can easily arrange to cite themselves in their future publications, or get associates to do so for them in return for similar favours.",
"Boiling down an individual's output to simple metrics, such as number of publications or journal impacts, entails considerable savings in time, energy and ambiguity. Unfortunately, the long-term costs of using simple quantitative metrics to assess researcher merit are likely to be quite great. (50) If we are serious about ensuring that our science is both meaningful and reproducible, we must ensure that our institutions encourage that kind of science."
